use strict
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/03_use_strict.md

pass-by value and pass-by reference
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/04_pass-by-value-reference.md

What are different types in JavaScript?
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/05_types.md

What is difference between '==' and '==='?
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/05_types.md

What is the type of NaN?
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/07_NaN.md

What are the different scopes in JavaScript?
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/08_Scope.md

What is variable hoisting?
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/09_hoisting.md

What is the scope chain?
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/10_scope-chain.md

IIFE Immidiately invoked function
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/11_IIFE.md

Closure
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/12_Closure.md

this
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/14_this.md

call, apply and bind
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/15_call-apply-bind.md

Prototype chain
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/16_prototype_chain.md

Inheritance
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/17_inheritance.md

Function Constructor - 1
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/18_ConstructorPattern1.md

Function Constructor - 2
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/19_ConstructorPattern2.md

Prototype 
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/20_PrototypePattern.md

event bubbling and event capturing
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/23_Events.md

CORS
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/21_CORS.md

JSONP
https://github.com/hirokoymj/Udemy/blob/master/22_JSONP.md

//
//ES6
//
Const
https://github.com/hirokoymj/ES6/blob/master/1_Const/const.md

Let
https://github.com/hirokoymj/ES6/blob/master/2_Let/Let.md

Fat Arrow Function
https://github.com/hirokoymj/ES6/blob/master/3_FatArrow/fatArrow.md

Object Destructuring
https://github.com/hirokoymj/ES6/blob/master/4_Object-Destructuring/Destructuring.md

Object Literal Shorthand
https://github.com/hirokoymj/ES6/blob/master/5_Object-Literal-Shorthand/

Object-literal-shorthand.md
https://github.com/hirokoymj/ES6/blob/master/5_Object-Literal-Shorthand/object-literal-shorthand.md

Spread Operator
https://github.com/hirokoymj/ES6/blob/master/6_Spread-operator/spreadOperator.md

For of/For in
https://github.com/hirokoymj/ES6/blob/master/7_For-In-for-of/ForOf.md

//
//ES6 - Typescript
//
Typescript Setup
https://github.com/hirokoymj/ES6#typescript-setup
//
//PHP
//

CRUD (Resultset)
https://github.com/hirokoymj/PHP-MySQLi-Basic-Usage/blob/master/md-files/MySQLi.md

CRUD (Prepared Statement)
https://github.com/hirokoymj/PHP-MySQLi-Basic-Usage#select-single-value-prepared-statement

Connect a Database
https://github.com/hirokoymj/PHP-MySQLi-Basic-Usage#connect-database

PHP Global Variables
https://github.com/hirokoymj/PHP-MySQLi-Basic-Usage/blob/master/md-files/01_GlobalVariables.md

Convert JSON object to associative array
https://github.com/hirokoymj/PHP-MySQLi-Basic-Usage/blob/master/md-files/PHP-ajax.md


// HTML - Front-end framework
Bootstrap
http://getbootstrap.com/

Bootstrap grid system
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/3.3/css/


Bootstrap Helper Classes
https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap/bootstrap_ref_css_helpers.asp

// HTML - CSS
CSS Selector Reference
https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css_selectors.asp

How to center floating elements in CSS
https://github.com/hirokoymj/how-to-center-float-elements

// HTML - SASS
Sass
http://sass-lang.com/

Compass
http://compass-style.org/

